c:\users\sherman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CheckAvability\CheckAvability\bin\Debug\CheckAvability.exe.config
c:\users\sherman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CheckAvability\CheckAvability\obj\Debug\CheckAvability.csproj.App.config
c:\users\sherman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CheckAvability\CheckAvability\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\sherman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CheckAvability\CheckAvability\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\sherman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CheckAvability\CheckAvability\obj\Debug\CheckAvability_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\sherman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CheckAvability\CheckAvability\obj\Debug\CheckAvability_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\sherman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CheckAvability\CheckAvability\bin\Debug\CheckAvability.exe
c:\users\sherman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CheckAvability\CheckAvability\bin\Debug\CheckAvability.pdb
c:\users\sherman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CheckAvability\CheckAvability\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\sherman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CheckAvability\CheckAvability\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\users\sherman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CheckAvability\CheckAvability\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\users\sherman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CheckAvability\CheckAvability\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\sherman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CheckAvability\CheckAvability\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
c:\users\sherman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CheckAvability\CheckAvability\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
c:\users\sherman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CheckAvability\CheckAvability\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\sherman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CheckAvability\CheckAvability\obj\Debug\CheckAvability.g.resources
c:\users\sherman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CheckAvability\CheckAvability\obj\Debug\CheckAvability.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\sherman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CheckAvability\CheckAvability\obj\Debug\CheckAvability.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\sherman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CheckAvability\CheckAvability\obj\Debug\CheckAvability.exe
c:\users\sherman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CheckAvability\CheckAvability\obj\Debug\CheckAvability.pdb
C:\Users\Sherman\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CheckAvability\CheckAvability\obj\Debug\CheckAvability.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Sherman\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CheckAvability\CheckAvability\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Sherman\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CheckAvability\CheckAvability\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Sherman\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CheckAvability\CheckAvability\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Sherman\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CheckAvability\CheckAvability\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Sherman\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CheckAvability\CheckAvability\obj\Debug\CheckAvability.Migrations.Init.resources
